...
I was born
to rule the Seven Kingdoms
and I will.
Bravo.
...
Okay.
We built this world.
A world where dreams come true.
...
There's gonna be an opportunity
coming your way.
When do we start?
One minute you're married.
and the next minute it's like.
"Yeah. buh-bye. see ya.
nice knowin' ya."
I just wanna be
on my Halle Berry shit.
I just wanna feel good.
...
What a crowd.
You wanna get
a celebratory drink?
Nah. I don't think so.
...
You wanna fire me... try it.
Thank you!
...
No justice!
No peace!
Hey...
what're you doing out here?
...
Fiona. would you excuse us
for a second?
...
I want to burn.
We got him!
...
I'm not letting you Neanderthals
in to rape my company.
Daddy's boy.
How can we salvage this?
Do we need to sweeten the offer?
Do you want to call your dad?
Everybody.
this is cousin Craig.
It's Greg.
I'll-I'll answer to both.
I changed my mind.
I'm staying on
as head of the company.
You fucked me.
...
On the family trust.
I'm gonna add Marcy to myself
and you four.
I'm gonna have to talk
to my lawyers.
What're you thinking. son?
She's very smart.
Family first.
Um. sure.
But I want to run the damn show.
And until it opens up.
chief operating officer.
We stick to the plan.
I takeover.
And you two. under me...
Under you?
Can we think about it?
Yeah. of course.
I thought about it. Fuck you!
Sorry the other
offer fell through.
But we fattened the goose nice--
I'm gonna eat you all.
One by fucking one.
...
What do you say. kids?
Our position is. this
doesn't quite work for us.
...
Dad?
Dad? Dad?!
Kendall.
Dad is in the hospital.
Rava. Hey.
Uh. my dad's--
My dad's in the hospital.
Yeah. he had. I don't know.
I don't know what.
But. uh...
yeah. I don't know
if he's gonna be OK.
It's-Yeah.
So... I don't know.
I'm here with Jess.
We're just trying
to get there--
What the--?
...
Can we just find a way
around the traffic. man?
Just-Just--
Just figure it out. Please!
...
Where's the ICU?
Man:
...blood pressure...
...
...tests...
What's the situation?
Can somebody--
Excuse me.
They're working on him.
What is this part
of the hospital?
I mean. is this
the best section?
Excuse me? Doctor.
is this the best part
of the hospital?
Sorry. You know. we just--
we need to know.
The ICU is the ICU.
This is the best place
for him.
Is this where you would
take your father?
I'm sorry. Can the team
have some space? Please?
Hey. here's an idea.
Why don't you worry
about the medicine.
not the fucking feng shui?
...
Let's let the gentleman
do his job.
Thank you.
Let's do this for Dad.
Shiv:
Sorry.
...
Do they know
who we are?
I don't know.
Are they sandbagging us?
Do they know who he is?
I don't know.
Shall we call Mom?
What?
No. There's like
a million people to call.
She's probably just make it
about herself. anyway.
Come on.
Your mom's a maniac.
she's not a monster.
Folks. we need you
to wait through there. please.
Hi. I'm sorry.
We're getting
mixed messages here.
We have no clue
what's going on.
We will be with you
as soon as we have
an assessment.
OK. well.
that's not good enough.
We need to know
what's happening. Now.
The socio-economic health
of multiple continents
is dependent on his well-being.
The socio-economic health
of multiple continents?
Kendall. Everyone.
We have an area
we can go to.
They'll keep us posted.
...
So. look. take me through
what happened exactly.
Uh. I don't know.
exactly.
It was weird. Um.
it happened fast.
we were just sitting there--
We were just talking.
We were talking.
Shiv kind of started
hard-balling Dad a little bit.
I wasn't hard-balling him.
A brain hemorrhage
doesn't come from
some chit-chat. asshole.
So it's definitely
a brain hemorrhage?
Is that what they said?
Somebody said that.
right?
Somebody said hemorrhage?
Or stroke? I--
The ambulance--
A stroke is a hemorrhage.
It is?
Yes.
Did someone say "hemorrhage."
or is it just us
who said it?
It could be an aneurism.
Why aren't we chasing this?
I'll chase.
...
Hey. uh. is there any--
Did Dad ever talk to any
of you guys about cryogenics?
You're insane.
Look. I don't want
to be given the runaround
by Doctor-fucking-SUNY Purchase
Medical School here.
We need to know
who the top players are. OK?
Who's the top dog
in this hospital?
Have you talked
to Dad's neurologist?
Kendall. stop acting like
the king of the hospital.
We're all trying
to do our best.
so just fuck off.
I'm on it. OK?
According to this.
it sounds like a stroke.
but it could be
an acute subdural hematoma.
Great. Get in there
and operate. Doctor Google.
...
He once talked to me
about cryogenics.
What?
Wouldn't that just be typical?
All the other billionaires
are strolling around
in new bodies.
but not Dad.
because we were
too embarrassed
to actually discuss it.
...
He didn't talk to you
about cryogenics.
You talked to him
about cryogenics
because you're obsessed
with cryogenics.
I'm not really. Kendall.
And what he didn't tell you.
and what I'm telling you now.
is that you are an idiot.
Sticks and stones. Kenny.
Yeah. I know.
And on his birthday. too?
It's so shitty.
...
So what's happening now?
Are you staying at the hospital?
I guess.
I mean. I think I've got a job.
but I don't know.
Logan said I did.
but Marcia was the only one
to hear it.
so... and then he tragically.
you know. like. whatever.
Well. what sort of job?
Is it a good job?
I don't know. Like.
could be anything.
And I have. like. 20 bucks left.
The world is so fucked up.
I am not sending you
any more money. Greg.
Step up.
I'm not asking you to send me--
Look.
just make sure
about the job.
All right?
Yeah. I know.
Hey. do you have cash?
Oh.
Yeah. Uh...
no. just my last twenty.
That's fine. Thanks.
Um...
I just got mugged by Shiv.
...
Born in humble circumstances
in Dundee. Scotland.
shortly before the outbreak
of the Second World War.
Logan Roy grew up in poverty.
but died one of the richest
and most powerful men
in America.
His widowed mother
took the decision...
...
It's an ATN obituary.
They want us to OK it
in case they have to run it.
Is it nice?
I mean. it's made by
his own news division.
Doesn't say he was a prick.
...
You want to watch it?
No.
I would really love to see you.
Yes. it's appropriate.
It could hardly be
more appropriate.
OK?
Yeah. OK. OK. good.
Hey. Jess?
Mm-hmm?
There's nothing in here
about our mom.
Or Connor's.
They need to be included.
Yeah.
PJ says Aziz Kahn
at Mayo Clinic
is the best there is.
Sarah says Ann Wieman at NYU.
Ann Wieman? Is that--
That's not who I have.
Well. it's the name I have.
Can you tell Sarah
to give her a call?
Sure.
Hey. Rome.
Do you have regular?
No. I've got--
Now I'm strapped.
Was there any change at all?
Hey. you guys.
What?
Could I have the change?
What is this? People are
sending shit already?
It's from Lawrence Yee
at Vaulter.
Call him and tell him
that is not
fucking appreciated.
Mm-hmm.
Kendall. I'm so sorry.
Thank you. Gerri.
Can you give me five?
We need to talk.
Over here. OK?
...
Obviously the nominating
committee. the board.
has a plan in the event
of Logan's incapacitation.
Sorry. do I need
to hear this
right now?
You do.
In the event that we. uh.
continue
on our trajectory
of his current consciousness.
we're gonna need
to announce a plan
by around 6:30.
before the markets open.
in order to avoid
a lot of funky chowder.
Did you say funky chowder?
We've set up
down here.
...
What have you set up?
You're gonna want
a place to just be.
and chill.
you know?
We talked to some
of the trustees
of the hospital.
so everybody knows
who's who.
Yeah. It's not a war room yet.
but. um...
But if we need one.
it's available.
...
Jesus.
Uh. so there's a bathroom
through there--
Hi. Karolina--
Hi.
Thank you. guys.
So I have Dewi and Asha
from the nominating committee
on the line.
Kendall's here.
and you're on speaker. guys.
...
So sorry to hear
about the news.
...
Likewise.
As you know. our standing plan
in the event of Logan's...
absence. is to separate
his CEO and Chairman roles.
...
You'll become acting CEO.
Frank stays on as COO.
We'll need to act fast.
Stabilize the stock price.
Dewi? Dewi?
I'm sorry...
my dad is my focus
right now. OK?
Of course. it's just that
there's a problem
in terms of the optics
if what happened earlier today
between you two gets out.
I'm sorry. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Sure. Well...
...
And then there's
the problem with Frank.
As in?
Logan fired him
and promoted Roman.
Roman?
Jesus.
Look. I'm sorry. I--
I can't get into this
right now. guys.
...
No. of course.
You are in no fit state.
But here's my take. OK?
My dad got sick today. right?
I don't know. I mean.
nobody knows
when he started
acting out of character.
but. like. he didn't seem great
from the morning on.
and there's no paper
on any of the moves made today.
Right. Gerri?
Uh...
nothing meaningful.
Yeah. it was words.
Words are just. what?
Nothing.
Complicated air flow.
So. I mean. if I was saying
what actually happened today.
it would be nothing.
...
Well. that certainly
makes things simpler
from our point of view.
Do you think you can get
the family behind it?
Yes.
And Frank?
Sure.
Dude. can't we
just talk here?
You know Connor's
invited Willa down?
Ugh. What?! Here?!
What's the deal
with their deal?
Unlike me. he has
no sense of boundaries.
What the fuck?
It's stale.
but it's empty. I think.
Hello?
You wanna do a play?
No. I. um.
just wanted to--
I've been thinking
that maybe this might be
really tough on Marcia.
Yeah.
you're thinkin' that?
What. will she put
all her inheritance
into gold or oil?
No. I just-No. I--
Look. I know that.
like. the trust only
comes into play
if certain things happen...
Ahem. Yeah. he's dead.
or brain dead.
Yeah. but I was thinkin'.
like...
wouldn't it be nice
for Dad to wake up
and for all of us
to have signed.
like he wanted?
You know.
like a nice gesture?
And if he doesn't wake up.
we've basically signed over
to Marcia
the power to choose
the new Dad.
So... OK.
So. for the record.
you are declining to sign
on the change of trust?
For the record?
Yeah.
What the fuck is this.
McCarthyism?
I'm not declining.
I'm just not--
I'm not "clining."
What the f--
OK. No. OK. just.
you know.
that just seems
very shitty under
the circumstances.
What circumstances?
Well. you did make
her husband's brain explode.
Fuck you. man!
Ow!
Ohh!
Wait--
Stop it!
You shit!
What. are you fuckin' insane?
...
No! No!
He--
He doesn't deserve this.
It's just so unfair.
He's a great... man.
He. like. let me
come to his birthday lunch.
And he offered me a job.
Right?
He doesn't deserve this.
And... so. if there's
anything that I can do.
let me know.
Actually.
there is something.
OK.
Can you go to the apartment
and get his bed things
and slippers?
The ones with the dark checks.
You don't mind?
No. no. I'd be...
respectfully. uh.
somberly willing.
Marcia:
Thank you.
Now?
Please.
OK. All right.
Marcia. we get can get Colin
or the driver to go
and get his things.
...
I don't need this fly
buzzing in my face.
Slippers. slippers. slippers.
slippers. slippers.
...
Yeah. don't fuck it up.
Fuckin' long legs.
Greg! Hey. I need
a favor from you.
What's up?
Dad had some papers
he wanted us to sign.
and they're in
some envelopes.
just pick 'em up
at the house.
and bring 'em.
Yeah. Where are the papers?
Yeah.
They're in the house
somewhere. In envelopes--
They're just in the house!
You got it?
OK. I was imagining--
Oh. you're fucking tall.
This is hurting
my goddamn neck.
I have to go. OK?
Just find the papers.
and bring 'em back.
Papers. and-and--
they're gonna be just--
I am so done with
this conversation.
Just handle it. OK?
All right. Yeah.
...
Doctor:
Better not fuck this one up.
I don't want Logan Roy's
newspapers
goin' through my trash cans.
...
Oh. my God! We've killed--
Logan.
We're bastards!
...
Turn that off.
Roman. no.
Turn it off.
We've killed--
Logan.
We're--
...
What are they saying?
Just rumors. you know.
He was taken to the hospital.
some of Twitter
says he's dead.
and also a good deal of. um.
of rejoicing at our father's
potential demise.
Can we find out
who these fuckers are
and. like... report them?
Or just. like. screen grab
their shit.
OK.
So we know? Yeah?
Connor:
So. I don't know
where Kendall is. but...
Hi. Really sorry. you guys.
Thanks. Willa.
Why don't we sit over here.
Oh. there's Ken.
It's gross.
Hey.
News is out.
OK. right. Well...
So. um. listen.
I don't even want
to think about this.
but I just spoke
to the nominating committee.
and. uh...
the thing is
that the plan
is to announce
that I take over
from Dad.
Well. no.
Excuse me?
What do you mean?
I mean.
we're waiting for
the results of the scan.
It's a pointless conversation.
OK. well.
let's talk about it.
I can't talk about it.
I'm upset.
Hey! I'm upset too.
Oh. not too upset
to go and fucking plot
with the suits.
Fuck you! OK?
I could hardly hear them
for the blood rushing
in my ears.
Isn't there a plan
anyways? Like--
Yes. there's a plan.
That's what I'm fucking
telling you.
The plan is that Frank and I
will take over--
Frank was fired. So..
Yeah.
...
OK. Well. I mean.
let's d-discuss
and just see where we are.
right?
I'm not doing this.
If Dad dies. I don't want
to be talking about this shit
when he dies.
He won't die.
...
Yeah. this is great.
Thank you.
Greg:
Hey. man.
Sorry. I'm--
I'm really sorry.
but I don't have
any money for the cab.
I'm sorry. sir.
do I know you?
Yeah. I-I was here
a little earlier.
I got assaulted a little
in there.
So can you pay for the cab.
please?
She was supposed to call.
but maybe she didn't
because there's an emergency.
uh. happening.
Sir. I'm sorry.
I don't know who you are.
Um--
sss--
OK. so he's not
gonna lend me the money.
So. I don't know. um...
You know. he-Pretty much.
he owes you your money.
He owes me the--?
You better give me
the money. dude.
...
You guys need
to work this out
for yourselves.
because basically
one of you guys
hasn't got $14. OK?
...
Yes. ma'am.
Hello. Mrs. Roy?
...
Knock knock.
Oh.
Thank you.
...
I'm so sorry.
It's so weird.
I actually like hospitals.
Lots of people don't.
But they're safe.
The weird thing for me
is that I was. well.
I'd been intending
to talk to Logan.
you know. and make a...
make a proposal.
a very decent proposal.
to Shiv.
Actually been meaning
to ask for his blessing
for a while.
but. uh...
now it's very difficult.
You need to find
the right time
for these conversations.
Right.
The weird thing
I'm thinkin' now is.
do you think Logan
would still like to be asked?
You know? I mean.
I know he can't reply.
but would he
appreciate the gesture
if he was told
about it later?
Or even in the case...
in the case of the worst...
case.
would it have been nice
to have asked his body?
Woman on Video:
Rumors continue to circulate
about the health of...
Hey. hey. They're ready.
They have the results.
OK. Fuck.
You OK?
Yeah. Yeah.
He'll be fine.
He's probably
in there eating
a fucking chicken bucket
and yelling at someone.
He's had a hemorrhagic stroke.
a bleed in
the deep right hemisphere
that put pressure
on the thalamus
and the brain stem.
and that's what caused
a loss of consciousness.
So. what.
do you operate?
We don't do that
with deep bleeds.
especially in older patients.
He's not an older patient.
Dude. he just turned 80.
But physically. he's. like.
still in his 70s.
and he's in great shape.
The evidence
is that operating
in situations like these
isn't worthwhile.
So. then. what do you do?
You can't do nothing.
We will carry out
regular observations.
and hopefully we'll see
some improvement soon.
That's not good enough.
Right. Dr. Judith? That's--
It's an excellent department.
Well. thank you
for your input.
but you'll understand
if we check out our options.
My assistant's been in touch
with Ann Wieman at NYU.
and we might move Dad there.
No. He stays here.
He gets better here.
Well. we can discuss.
...
We'll discuss
and get back to you.
No. No discussion.
I am his next of kin.
I am his proxy.
I am in charge.
Thank you.
Good. Well...
we'll move Logan
to a suite in Greenberg.
I'll show you the way.
I'm sure you have
some questions.
Feel free to ask me
on the way up.
...
I'm sorry. Ken.
Thanks for coming over.
OK. so look.
We don't know
what's going on.
He could be fine;
he could not.
Either way. he's not
gonna be back tomorrow.
so. long story short.
will you carry on as COO.
step up on the board--
Become acting chairman.
Yes.
No.
What?
...
He fired me. Ken.
He-I--
Look. I don't know
if he even knew
what he was saying...
if his brain
was working.
His brain
was working fine.
Well. whatever else.
there's no proof. legally.
that yesterday even happened.
That's not the problem.
So what's the problem?
I don't want to be chairman.
I am just an attendant lord.
here to swell a scene or two.
What the fuck
does that mean?
Come on. don't do that.
We could do
great things together.
Mm-hmm.
So what do you need.
Frank?
...
A jazillion dollars
in unmarked Bitcoin.
I don't have a price.
Ken.
Frank. I don't understand.
Ju-We'll talk.
There's a lot of mess
to be cleaned up. Kendall.
but you can do it. son.
You can.
And there's nothing I can say
to change your mind?
I'm sorry
about your father.
And good luck. Kenny.
Yeah?
...
I told Greg to bring
the change of trust.
What?
And when he does.
I think we should sign it.
I-I'm not doing anything
without my lawyer present.
OK. Well. I'm going to sign it.
I'm getting Connor to sign it.
It's gonna make you look
pretty fucking heartless
when you don't.
Don't give me
a fuckin' scary look.
You hit me.
I will fuck you up.
Ahh. fuck.
Yeah.
God.
you're so annoying.
Shut up.
...
Hello?
Greg.
Hey. Did you find those
contracts Roman asked for?
Uh. I... Yes. I got 'em.
Oh. I think you have
the wrong ones.
Uh. OK.
Um... right.
What. uh. what shall I do?
Look.
there's a lot of confusion.
'Cause if you have any doubt.
maybe you can't find them.
and that might be simplest.
But if I do.
'cause I--
I think I have
the right ones here.
Don't bring them in.
Did he change his mind?
No. I'm just telling you:
Don't bring them in.
OK. OK. S--
All right. I get-I get it.
So. who's the--
Like. what's
the chain of command here?
Are you the more senior sibling?
Greg.
it's simple.
This is a favor
I'd like you to do for me.
and I'd like you to be discreet.
You stay for a while.
you can't find them.
you come back. OK?
OK.
Thank you.
This is better.
Um...
look. so. I know
you don't want
to talk about this.
I'm just informing you.
Roman as a board member
and Shiv as a shareholder.
I'll be taking temporary charge
as CEO and Chairman.
Frank is not interested
in the position at present.
No. I'm sorry. but even
if we were talking about this.
which we are not.
it wouldn't necessarily be you.
Kendall:
I'm sorry.
then who the fuck would it be?
Roman:
I don't know. Anyone.
It could be me.
...
Are you insane?
Dad made me COO.
I don't think so. dude.
Dad wasn't
thinking straight.
I think he was.
You? The chief
operating officer?
Yup.
I mean. if that wasn't a sign
he was loco in the coco.
I don't know what is.
Well.
I don't see it that way.
Come on. It was
a negotiating position. Rome.
He was fuckin' playing you
to get you to sign
the change of trust.
Do you even know
what it fucking involves?
I mean.
he conked out mid-game.
Are you calling me a dipshit?
No. I love you. man.
but you're not
a serious person.
All right. fuck you.
He's alive. you're not
the fuckin' boss.
All right! Come on.
Let's not throw shit
around.
We're in the middle.
so let's just sit tight.
No sudden moves.
We need to move.
The markets are gonna
want to know
who's behind the wheel.
We need to control
the narrative.
"Control the narrative."
You probably yell that
when you cum.
"Oh! Control the narrative!
Oh! Control it--
Control the narrative! Uhh..."
Kendall:
Fuck you. We're in a hospital.
Everyone knows.
We have to say something.
No. Actually. we don't.
'Cause no one knows
how serious it is.
So we don't have
to say anything.
Actually. we do. The SEC.
There are rules.
there are laws...
Oh. no. The law?
Well. we can't break the law.
Hey. Karolina?
Has a CEO ever
been out of action
and people
haven't been told?
Um. not that
I can think of.
There was Apple. but that--
Right. but if we...
wanted to drag our feet on this.
until we figure the moves...
Well. once we do know.
there's a duty to shareholders
to let people--
Yeah. but I don't--
I don't know what we know.
I mean. this could be
an allergic reaction.
It could be the flu.
Oh. come on.
Look at the fuckin' orchids.
This is out there.
It's like we're
being held hostage
in the Honolulu airport.
But if we wanted to say
something. you know.
other than...
Kendall:
It's called a lie. Shiv.
When you say the thing
that's not. that's a lie.
We'll need to make
a holding statement.
Of course. I'm open
to your suggestions
on how to... finesse it.
Perfect. We'll make a decision
and get back to you shortly.
OK.
TV Newscaster:
Logan Roy. CEO and chairman
of Waystar corporation...
So. what do you think I do?
Well. I don't know.
What did she say?
Roman said bring in the papers.
Shiv said
don't bring in the papers.
Well. I guess
you need to decide
which one of them
is more important?
I guess Roman's...
in the company.
but Shiv seems like.
I don't know. more bossy?
All right.
Well. can you just take
some of the papers?
Plus. I don't know
about these slippers.
Like. they're all plaid.
Does "checked" mean plaid?
'Cause then there's gingham.
there's tartan--
It's like a crisscross
fuckin' minefield.
Oh. fuck the slippers. Greg.
You have to strategize.
I'm trying to strategize. Mom.
with you!
But you won't strategize.
...
Hey. What's up. Kendall?
You mix me up
with your sponsor?
Listen. I'm just calling
to issue a reminder.
Your pecker's in my pocket. OK.
Dickless Dickleby?
You do what I say.
Let others say what they want.
but we stay dark.
You get me? No reporting
on what went down yesterday.
the turmoil.
Well. I can do
whatever I want.
because Vaulter
and our satellite sites
have editorial independence...
as set out in
that piece of paper you signed.
You know what
that piece of paper is to me?
Nothing. OK?
I'd jerk off on that paper
and send it to you
as a greeting card.
"Mum's the word."
motherfucker.
Hey. Sorry to bother you
so late.
Hey. let's put something
together
about the Roy family shitshow.
Shiv:
So. and I don't
want to get into this.
but maybe we should just
cut off the whole
Kendall CEO thing
so that it doesn't get painful.
Well. I mean.
I'm not looking for it.
but I guess I'm already COO.
so one more step...
It's not gonna be you.
Because?
Come on.
I don't know what that means.
Yes. you do.
Well. it doesn't matter
who does it.
It's just temporary.
so anyone will do.
Yeah. sure. Anyone.
Tom.
Tom?
...
OK. fine.
Karl.
Bleahh.
Roman:
Prick. Eva?
Cunt.
OK.
So. who?
Someone Dad trusts.
But Dad doesn't trust anyone.
except Frank.
and he fired Frank
for shits and giggles.
Gerri?
Uhh...
I don't love Gerri.
But I don't hate Gerri.
So. Gerri.
I'll talk to her.
...
So. Gerri.
How ya doin'?
Oh. I'm fine.
This is where they brought
Baird. so it's a little...
Baird?
Yeah. Baird. My husband.
Shiv's godfather?
Oh. does he. um--
with the tortoise?
Yeah.
...
Fuck yeah. of course.
How is he?
He's dead.
I know. I know.
I remember... you--
So. uh. Gerri. uh.
just wanted to say thanks
for captaining us through
this shitstorm.
Um. you do a good job.
Gerri. you. uh.
you're. um. you're
a real good job-doer.
I suck at the whole
corporate flirt thing.
You know. I just--
I like to lube up and fuck.
you know?
OK.
So. um... for me and Shiv.
the whole Kendall thing
doesn't work.
So we were thinkin'--
general counsel--
you know where
the bodies are buried.
You probably buried 'em
yourself.
So...
you would have
the family's support
to step in and take the reins.
That's a very generous offer.
but I'm going
to have to decline.
Um...
OK. Can. uh. can I ask why?
Why I don't want the job
that makes your brain explode?
OK. but. um. uh...
G-Gerri. excuse me.
but I-I've always
thought of you--
and I mean this
in the best possible way--
as a stone-cold killer bitch.
Who says you don't know
how to flirt?
...
OK.
Hey. Can I get
a moment alone with you.
do you think?
I...
Have you seen this?
I'm so sorry
about your father.
Thank you.
Would you give us a minute?
Yeah.
Thanks. Willa.
Mm-hmm.
Tom. would you mind?
Oh. come on.
I'm not the same as her.
Ken.
...
Vaulter's running a story
about how the company's
in turmoil.
Don't we own him?
"Shit Show
at the Fuck Factory"?
Yeah. Uncertainty. discord.
That is not a good story.
"Family gets behind
other member of family."
that's a good story.
Oh. fuck them.
I mean. when Jobs was dying.
Apple didn't say anything.
We're in a hospital. Shiv.
Everyone knows.
We can't just prop him up
and wave his hand
and say he's fine
like they did in the Politburo
or Weekend at fuckin' Bernie's.
I like the sound
of that. though.
Look.
you can't put a value
on a human life.
except in our case.
you rather precisely can
because when trading
opens tomorrow. we're
gonna drop like a stone.
The only question is.
what's the bottom?
I think I'm the best option.
I just want to say that. uh.
if you need me to...
go get sandwiches or coffee
or step up from Regional Parks
and run North America. I can.
and I will. And that's
just an offer on the table--
Fuck off. Tom.
Fuck you. Kendall.
Don't talk to Tom like that.
It's OK. It's fine.
I was about to be announced.
I mean. how can I not
be the logical choice?
Because you were
about to be announced.
Ken. and then you weren't.
I mean. the only thing
we know for certain.
like for absolute certain.
tonight. is that Dad didn't
want you running the company.
So if there was a list
of 7 billion people
on this planet
that Dad would choose
to be boss.
we know you would be last.
Dad fired you. man.
No. he did not fire me.
He said it was just
gonna take a little longer.
But he said that to be nice.
What I think he meant to say
was that he wished that Mom
gave birth to a can opener
because at least then
it would be useful.
Kendall:
You're a dick.
That's...
Too far?
Look. the board
are offering this to me.
I don't actually
need your backing.
You actually really.
totally do.
I think you do.
Without it.
after what Dad did to you.
I mean. we could probably
take any appointment to court.
Jesus. Shiv. we're talking
about court now?
Fuck you!
I didn't even
want to talk about this.
remember?
What do you--
What do you have
against me?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Oh. you want me
to actually say?
Yes. I do.
You lack killer instinct.
you're wet. you're green.
you're intellectually
insecure.
Bullshit.
you're not emotionally
strong enough.
you have addiction issues.
That's enough!
I don't think all that.
I'm just trying to be
Dad's voice.
Bravo. It was
an excellent impression.
I just want to say
I'm not getting involved.
Good.
But Shiv's right.
I'm not saying I would make
a better CEO.
that's unsaid--
It's not unsaid
when you say it.
No. I'm saying
I'm not saying it.
so. in fact. it is unsaid.
Hey. pal. why don't you
go help Willa with her homework?
Ouch. Asshole.
Listen. why don't you
decide everything.
I don't care.
I just observe.
I'm a UN white helmet.
All right?
Guys--
who else are you gonna get?
I think Shiv would be great.
That's what I think.
...
Thanks. honey.
but... no way.
I mean. she doesn't work
in the company
and has no experience
of the company
and the markets would freak.
but apart from that.
I agree with you.
I mean. we have options.
Sure. You could all
ask for morphine
so you can stay
in your painless
fucking fantasy world
where the orchids dance
and the company is run
by a magical fucking unicorn!
Fuck your options.
...
Hello. this is Greg
on Greg's phone.
Greg. How ya doin'?
Yeah. I'm just. um.
not dawdling.
You're still at
the fucking apartment?
You've been there forever.
Uh. just. um--
I know you're picking up
PJs and all that shit.
just grab a sweater.
maybe. also. My dad's. OK?
OK. Which sweater?
It doesn't matter.
Not something washed.
Something that he's worn. maybe.
If you find one.
OK. yeah.
If he's worn it. if his--
How am I gonna know
if it's worn?
Just smell it. OK?
Jesus! I just want something
that smells like him. OK?
I just want that.
Is that enough for you?
Dude. that's really nice.
I would want that
if this was my situation. too.
So I'll sniff some stuff
for you--
Just-Whatever. And if you
tell anyone about this.
I will... cut your dick off.
And don't forget those papers
I told you to bring.
And. uh. thank you.
Fuck off.
...
Yeah.
I... apologize
if my bell summoned you.
Hey.
It's. um...
It's like 4:00 a.m.
Yeah. I couldn't sleep.
Put the kids to bed and thought
I was missing all the fun. so...
How are they doing?
The kids?
Yeah.
Um...
they're OK.
Maybe you could
bring them by tomorrow.
So they can say their--
you know. say their... hellos.
Yeah.
OK.
How are you feeling?
Good. Yeah.
Yeah.
How am I feeling?
Fuck. Ask me another?
Jesus. what a day for you.
Yeah.
The nominating committee
want me to be the big boss.
Really?
But Shiv and Roman
won't back me
because of what Dad said
at lunch.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Ah. your family is so...
fucked.
I'm sorry. but-Wow.
I'm sorry.
Um...
Ken. I-
What can I say?
It's-I don't know.
Adrenaline.
It's just my body.
Hey.
I'm glad you're here.
Yeah. I can tell.
...
Hey. Look. Stop. Stop.
No. I'm not in the mood.
There's something
I have to say to you.
What?
Siobhan Roy...
Oh. my God.
...will you marry me?
What... the fuck?
Seriously?
I love you.
And I wanted to do something
to make all this better.
And I thought while
your dad's still with us.
wouldn't that be a nice thing?
We can get a quick wedding.
What is it about my dad dying
in a sterile environment
that screams big
romantic gesture to you?
Well. it's a horrible day.
I thought--
thought it would be
a nice... thing.
Tom. you can't
balance it out like that.
I'm not gonna...
give you a blow job
when your dog dies.
Right?
Yeah. OK.
It's fine.
I misjudged it.
I get it.
No. I'm s-sorry.
Honey. I'm sorry.
I'm-This is--
Let's just not have this
as the moment.
Why don't you do this again
properly another time.
No! Exactly.
This is not the moment.
This didn't happen.
Abort. Abort. abort.
Good. OK.
But so you know.
uh...
yeah. whatever.
Yes? Yes?
Yeah.
When it happens. yes.
Yes? Yes!
...
Really?
Yeah. I--
Yeah.
It's such a shitshow.
What is?
My family.
Our family.
Yeah.
...
Hey. hey. hey.
So I got the slippers.
Thank you.
Yeah. I finally found 'em.
Can you put them
in there. please?
Yeah.
So. you got the slippers.
Uh-huh.
I guess that makes you
Prince Charming.
I guess so.
You saying you want
to fuck Marcia?
What?! No.
Wh-Why would you say that?
That's what you just said.
No. It isn't.
You said
you were Prince Charming.
No. you just said that.
I'm kidding.
OK.
Do you know that. uh--
Do you know
that he gave me a job?
What job?
I don't know.
OK.
Do you know when I start?
No. Obviously I don't know.
Why would I know?
I don't know.
I thought you might know
'cause I thought
everybody's talking
and. like. might be
talking about me?
No. everybody
was talking about you
this whole time.
Everyone was only
talking about you.
Cousin Greg.
I get it.
Ha ha.
Hey. Hey.
When you. uh.
figure all this out.
come in and see me. OK?
And. uh.
and I'll look after you.
All right?
I'm serious. I will.
Sure.
Thanks. man.
That's OK.
All right. later.
Take it easy. Greg.
...
Yo. come here for a second.
So. listen.
I've been thinking...
and this is my vision:
We got for it. Me and you.
CEO and COO.
Oh.
Me and my homey Romey.
I thought I was a fuckhead.
Uh. dipshit.
and you said that.
You said I wasn't serious.
Sorry.
It's been a long day.
Yeah.
But dude. seriously.
Me and you. bro.
Like. I could teach you.
And you could.
you know. teach me.
And Shiv?
I mean. you know
what Shiv's like.
Ultimately
she's a daddy's girl.
Right?
I mean. she wants
to play it safe.
We're the ones with the nuts
to fuckin' revolutionize.
OK. I'm not uninterested.
All right. then.
let's fuckin' do it.
Here's the thing.
Gerri just turned down
the top job.
So does that mean something?
Are you fuckin' with me?
Nope.
Who asked Gerri?
It was broached.
It was broached?
Yeah.
By who? Did you broach?
You broached it. didn't you?
Don't pin the broach on me.
OK? Everyone was broaching.
Just want to make sure
we trust each other.
Everything up front. OK?
All right.
OK.
Shake on it
or something?
Official?
Oh. OK.
Hi.
Oh. come on.
Hey. Hey. knock it off.
...
Thank you. Willa.
So. listen. I've asked Roman
to be acting COO...
Actual COO.
...to my acting CEO.
And you said?
I said why not?
Snake.
Sis. please.
I'm trying to bring
everyone together here.
I'm mediating.
Well. I'm saying no.
Me too.
I thought you were
a fucking white helmet.
Sometimes a peacekeeper
has to go shoot a maniac
on the perimeter. OK?
What the fuck?
Why would you say no to this
and yes to Gerri?
Gerri has been with the company
for 20 years. Dad trusts her.
She's older. She's wiser.
She's a mature person--
such as myself.
Uh-huh. Well.
she doesn't want it.
OK. so in my opinion.
we should find someone else.
Temporary.
OK. like who?
I don't know.
someone neutral.
Eva or...
American Psycho. what--
Karl.
Karl. Yeah.
And what if it isn't temporary.
what if he uses his position
to make it permanent?
Because he wouldn't do that.
He's nice! He brought coffee.
...
Oh. he brought coffee.
Then we should definitely
let him take control
of the company.
Dude. he's not gonna
take control of the company.
Look. it's a gamble.
It's either me and Roman
and us as a family.
or it's Eva and Karl.
or some fuckface suit
from the Deep State
of the company.
They could take the company
out of our hands.
and we'd never
get near it again.
If Dad wakes up.
and he's frail.
and he's looking
at the end game.
you want to be the one
who tells him
his family business
isn't family-run anymore?
I mean. maybe you
could get away with it--
you know. his favorite.
Oh. fuck you.
But maybe you wouldn't
stay his favorite
if you gave away the firm.
Look. we need a statement
by 6:30.
So you just have to think--
like. bullshit aside--
who do you think. really.
Dad would prefer?
What's up. fam?
Oh. Yeah. Um...
did you get the papers?
What?
The pap--
The papers in the envelope?
I called you?
Dude-Oh. my God.
I'm so sorry.
So no. basically?
I was thinking
about your dad.
I was up there--
Hey. don't worry about it.
My head was just
messed up.
OK. We're gonna
have to announce.
Where are we at?
While Dad is ill.
the family proposes
that Kendall run the company
with Roman as COO.
I hereby concur.
OK. OK. uh..
I will let the committee know
the family's position.
and pending board approval.
we can announce.
Congratulations. Ken.
Thanks. Gerri.
And Roman. congratulations.
...
This is all very exciting.
Difficult decision.
For the record.
I personally believe this
to be a total fucking disaster.
OK. good.
...
Kendall. um. listen.
we need to talk.
I'm sorry. I just need to...
I just need a conversation
with you in private.
What is this?
Um...
There's a few things
you should know.
Um...
OK. there's no way
to put this nicely.
so forgive me for
stating it baldly.
but. um.
there's a huge debt problem.
What are you--
No.
Yes. Three billion.
No. there's not.
Fuck off.
I'd know.
No one knows.
Well. me and Frank.
What about... Dad?
Yeah. your dad.
Hence the debt.
Gerri. what the fuck
is going on?
Where did the money go?
In 1985.
Logan needed cash badly
for the expansion into parks.
so he took out a loan through
the family holding company.
He knew that besides Frank.
none of the other boards members
could see what was happening.
And then he added that loan
to the company's
already considerable debt.
Son of a bitch.
OK.
We can deal.
Yeah. but Kendall.
the thing is.
it's secured against
Waystar's stock...
and when the stock hits 130.
they can pursue
repayment in full.
Which. if they decided
to do that. would eviscerate us.
Yeah. but there's
no precedent for that.
They'll never do that.
They'll renegotiate.
Well. that depends.
On what?
Well. you see.
the banks know that
the man they invested in
can no longer function.
and as far as they're concerned.
you're just some kid
with nice hair.
You're making it
quite fucking difficult
to savor this moment.
Gerri.
I'm sorry about that.
Don't jump.
...
We had hoped to see
a response by now.
but what we do know is
that he's stable. So...
if you want to grab some sleep.
this is a good time.
...
Night. Dad.
See you soon.
...
You're probably
all wondering about my dad.
We're hoping for
a full recovery.
This morning he put on a sock.
so...
That's right. this morning he
tried to put on a sock.
...
No one wants to say it.
but Dad's a lot sicker
than he's letting on.
Dad! Hey! Oh. Shit!
When he opens his mouth.
anything could come out.
...
Drool. anti-Semitism.
fucking string of silk
handkerchiefs tied together!
...
I'm back. You better believe!
Better than ever!
We're calling a vote
of no confidence.
Oh. right. 'cause you like
playing boss?
That's the death pit.
Take a look.
I feel like I might not like it
in the death pit.
You're family.
You think there's a chance
he'll just do a deal?
Evict it so Buffalo's
getting taken down!
Oh. fuck no.
It'll be
hostile. hostile. hostile.
It's rebellion. Sabotage!
Sleep well. dad.
Might be your last good one
for a decade or so.
You're a fucking beast.
I'm just a lovely guy.
...
Everything okay?
Oh. yeah.
this is in no way
our worst Thanksgiving.
...
Excuse me. doctor? Is this
the best heart of the hospital?
Sorry. um. you know. just--
We need to know.
The ICU is the ICU.
This is the best place for him.
There's something
quite seductive. I think.
about being in a family
that's powerful.
and where your tea-time row
could end up on the front page.
There's something awful
about that and exposing.
Vaulter is running a story about
how the company is in turmoil.
Don't we own him?
Jesse wanted the second episode
to be very intimate.
Put these characters in one room
with this power struggle
through Logan's demise.
I'll be taking temporary charge
as CEO and chairman.
It wouldn't necessarily be you.
It could be me.
I'm not saying I would make
a better CEO... That's unsaid.
It's not unsaid when you say it.
I do think the family has
a hard time trusting each other.
We need to talk.
In a sense.
the language of our family
is just the language
of business.
Uncertainty. discord.
That is not a good story.
Family gets behind other member
of family? That's a good story.
I think Shiv. in her own mind.
she's probably the best one
to run the company.
But she wouldn't.
I think Shiv would be great.
That's what I think.
Thanks. honey.
And if she's gonna compete.
then she's gotta sorta compete
on a brotherly level rather
than go the princess route.
Fuck you!
She shoves me. I shove her back.
and I was like.
"I'm gonna slap her
in the face."
Oh.
...
Fuck you!
Stop! I said we're even!
Because Roman would never hit
a woman but he'd hit his sister.
Stop it!
We do get in a physical fight.
...
What. are you insane?!
Maybe that
frustration where you don't know
how to deal with something
or someone.
and you resort to how you deal
with them as a child.
No! No.
See?
I won. Definitely. I won.